>>LILOU: Hello, my
juicy co-creators!
Lilou here in
beautiful-- actually,
rainy, a little bit-- Miami.
But we're hoping that we'll be
able to do this interview fully
before it rains.
I'm excited to meet you, Blaire.
I mean actually,
your nickname or how
you go by is really The Love
Guru Blaire, is that right?
>>BLAIRE ALLISON: Yep.
Call me by my name,
The Love Guru.
Yeah.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
So you're really all about
relationship and helping
others finding their true love?
>>ALLISON: Yeah.
This is what I was born to do.
It's my divine mission.
>>LILOU: How did you know
this was your divine mission?
Because I know a
lot of people out
there are really looking
for-- to serve the planet.
Especially on Gaiam
TV, a lot of people
are interested, and spiritual,
and want to learn more.
But how did you know
this was your calling?
>>ALLISON: You know, you hear
a lot of stories about people
go out and looking for it.
I always knew I was
here for something big.
And I was always interested
in love and relationships.
So I don't know where
the two connected.
I think I was just always in
the love relationship field.
I've always had different jobs
in the love relationship field.
I've always been helping
people with their relationships
or looking for love.
So it evolved.
But I think you know.
You know what you're here to do.
You have to just tap into
your heart, that knowing.
You don't need to go out and ask
people what are you here to do.
It's what comes
naturally to you.
What are you naturally
interested in?
>>LILOU: What is
true love for you?
How do you define true love?
So that we know, all of
us know, if we're actually
in a true love relationship
or kind of look
forward to this true
love relationship.
>>ALLISON: True love.
God, someone hasn't said
that term to me in a while.
You know, I guess I kind
of look at true love as,
like, innocent, sweet,
maybe fairy tale-type love.
True love, I don't know.
I think that love comes
in and out of your life,
and you connect with
different people,
and you have love with them.
And true love.
That makes me think that there's
one person forever and ever
for you, and I
don't believe that.
I've learned different.
I've gone from that
sweet and innocent love
to deeper understanding-- at
least my path, my journey.
>>LILOU: I think this is part
of, nowadays, how life goes.
That we will have
few relationships.
The forever after is no longer--
it's a little bit harder
these days with our lives,
to have this one life
relationship, one lifetime.
>>ALLISON: You know what?
I think that in the past, that
was old paradigm thinking.
That you find one person
and you stick it out.
And I think that
that still holds
true as a possibility
for us now,
as far as that you
do a life partner.
I think that you can
have a life partner.
But you need to clear
through your karma first.
You need to go
through the soulmates.
I've connected
with my twin flame.
You need to go
through these things.
You need to learn the lessons.
You need to become the person
who you are in your power,
clearing those
relationship patterns.
And then you find
your life partner,
and you can create this
divine relationship,
this divine union, that
you're both in this path
of growing and learning.
If you have a partner that's
not on the same learning
path as you, it's
very difficult.
So a person forever and ever,
I think that that never really
was.
I think that that
was a human kind
of forcing that people
put on each other.
Because you're growing.
We're evolving too much,
especially in this day and age.
We're evolving too much.
>>LILOU: Let's talk about
this twin flame soulmate.
I just want to
gain clarification,
a bit of clarity on this.
What is the difference between
soulmate and twin flames?
>>ALLISON: Yeah, that's
a great question.
Soulmate.
We have millions and
millions of soulmates.
>>LILOU: Friends?
>>ALLISON: Well yeah,
it can be friends.
It can even be animals.
It can be your
mom or-- you know,
you can have a soulmate
relationship with them.
But we'll talk about
love relationships
because we like
talking about love.
Love Guru.
>>LILOU: Love Guru.
>>ALLISON: Yeah.
So you can connect with a
lot of different soulmates
in a relationship, dating them.
And the relationship
can be fantastic.
You guys can get along.
It could be perfect, or it
can be kind of turbulent.
And that's been my experience.
It's been great one minute
and then turbulent the next.
And there's things for you
that you need to learn.
They have gifts for you.
There's lessons for you
to pick up along the way.
>>LILOU: But we say soulmate
because there's this soul
connection beforehand,
before we're here on Earth.
There's this kind of
agreement to help us evolve?
Is that what really
a soulmate is about?
>>ALLISON: Yeah.
I mean, we travel the
world in soul groups.
So you reincarnate with these
same people that you agree,
OK, let me teach you how
to stand in your power.
And in order for
you to learn that,
I'm going to maybe
treat you like crap.
Can I say these things here?
>>LILOU: Yeah.
>>ALLISON: OK.
I have a little bit
of a dirty mouth.
And yeah, I'm a different
type of spiritual teacher.
So I enjoy my human
experience, too.
So yeah, you have things
to learn from them.
So it's not going to be
all rosy relationship.
So that's the soulmate.
We'll just keep it real simple.
The twin flame is the
pinnacle of relationships,
the highest of high.
When I connected
with my twin flame,
my guides were cheering for me.
They were like, you did it.
I saw my angels and guides
clapping, saluting me.
And it wasn't even something
that I was searching for.
So the twin flame-- I think
the purpose of the twin flame
is to get you on the path
doing your divine mission.
I think it's also to finally
clear all the relationship
patterns that you have.
Now with that
said, not everybody
uses a twin flame like that.
Not everybody grows
through a twin flame.
Not everybody heals through it.
I did because I'm really
into learning my lessons
and advancing.
Hi.
Are you looking for
your twin flame?
>>LILOU: You want to
play with us, don't you?
You're starting to scrape.
Bye bye.
This is my friend's cat.
Look how cute this is.
>>ALLISON: So that's the
basic overview of it.
>>LILOU: I had a feeling
that the twin flame sometimes
was really something impossible.
So passionate, or so
unlimited, and so really wild
divine union, that it could be
really hard to actually have
all the different
elements in this lifetime
to be with that
person physically.
>>ALLISON: It is a
fantastic relationship.
But with that fantastic, it is
the absolute best relationship
that you could ever imagine, and
it's also absolutely the worst
relationship you
could ever imagine.
I really went through hell.
Can I say that?
I don't know.
Checking in with you.
Can I say--
>>LILOU: Be yourself.
>>ALLISON: --whatever?
I could be uncensored?
>>LILOU: Yeah.
>>ALLISON: Yeah.
>>LILOU: We're on the internet.
That's the beautiful thing here.
>>ALLISON: OK.
>>LILOU: I mean, I don't
think Gaiam censors.
We'll see.
>>ALLISON: OK.
Beep.
>>LILOU: It might go beep.
>>ALLISON: Love Guru,
dirty mouth, beep.
>>LILOU: That would
be quite funny.
>>ALLISON: Yeah.
I went through absolute hell
in that relationship too.
It was like a twilight
zone, that we would have,
again, so fantastic feeling.
But in order for us to
maintain that, then he
was going to have
to be able-- maybe
this sounds conceited,
or ego, or whatever--
but he was going to have to keep
the pace with me, because I was
so hardcore let me
heal through this.
I saw through it.
I've been studying
relationships my whole life.
I knew this was karma
stuff to work through.
I knew this was
highlighting my childhood
wounds, that I needed to heal.
And I was working at it.
And things were being
highlighted for him
that he just didn't really
want to be looking at.
He didn't think
it was a big deal.
He thought I should get over it.
And we were having two
different experiences.
>>LILOU: So not that easy.
>>ALLISON: Terribly hard.
Terribly hard.
>>LILOU: You told me it was
a twin flame relationship.
>>ALLISON: Yeah.
>>LILOU: What is the
name for the lovey-dovey,
beautiful, easy, no problem,
everything goes perfectly OK,
you know?
Is there one for that one?
>>ALLISON: Ha ha, none of them.
It's true.
That's my evil laugh.
It's true, it's true.
What happens is you get to
have a lovey-dovey great
relationship.
Again, this is my belief.
This is what I've experienced.
And again, with seeing
with my students too.
When you heal
yourself, when you've
gone through the
healing, then you
can have the
lovey-dovey great stuff.
And what that means--
no compromising.
You know, we have
out in our society
these false beliefs
that you need
to compromise in a relationship,
that no one's perfect.
These are things
that keep us down.
that keep us small.
These are things that keep
us from not believing, not
dreaming, that we can have
a perfect relationship.
So for example, the
twin flame thing.
Whenever something
would go wrong,
my twin flame would say
to me, well, Blaire,
no relationship's perfect.
You don't see couples
fighting behind the scenes,
and you need to compromise.
And I hated whenever
somebody would say this,
and I knew it wasn't the truth.
But this was the patterning
that we bring down with us.
So unless you heal that
stuff, unless you realize
that's an illusion. we can
create whatever we want;
we're powerful beings.
We can have a
great relationship,
but both parties need
to be on the same belief
that we want to have a
fantastic relationship.
We're going to work towards it.
Working towards it
means healing ourselves.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
What are the components
of this healing process?
>>ALLISON: Yeah,
that's a good question.
What are the components?
I don't know.
>>LILOU: To heal.
I mean, I guess at
some point we have
to stop seeing outside of us.
I mean, a lot of people say,
talk about this mirror thing.
Like if there's something that
we're annoyed about the person,
or in relationship, that means
we have that to deal with.
Do you see it?
>>ALLISON: Yeah,
I agree with that.
But I never really connected
with that mirror thing.
Just something about it.
I don't know.
However anyone explained
it, I was like, what?
You know?
So the way that I do it,
or the most, I guess,
simplest way to break
it down is just,
if you're having a
problem, you want
to start thinking about it.
Why is this happening?
You want to journal about it.
You want to just
keep asking yourself
a lot of questions of
why this is happening.
And you want to seek out help.
I mean, throughout
these years, I've
been studying
spirituality hardcore
with a teacher since 1999.
And then I got deep into
healing work in 2005.
And then that was
on a regular basis.
I heard about healing before
and I was studying it,
but I didn't really
understand it
the way that I did until I
was working with this one
teacher that came into my life.
And it was one after the
next that I went deep
for years into
just looking at-- I
think it's spoken about a lot as
far as these childhood wounds.
But we really do get wounded
when we're growing up
and we don't realize the
unconscious ways that we're
acting.
And our relationships
affect everything.
It just comes out in
our love relationships
and we're upset about it then,
that's when we seek help.
>>LILOU: It started to
rain a little bit now.
This is going to be fine.
>>ALLISON: I think it's
just a little drizzle.
It is.
We get this.
>>LILOU: You're a
Miami lady, I can tell.
I'm the French.
You know, Parisian.
Yeah.
>>ALLISON: Are you afraid or no?
>>LILOU: No.
Let's go into it, then.
Let's go into it.
Let's heal.
Lets heal the rain thing.
>>ALLISON: It's cleansing.
>>LILOU: Oh my god.
So where were we
with this healing?
I mean, talking of healing,
the water falling from the sky.
How do you see
healing, then, with all
your different experiences?
Is it really about
healing our past?
Is it energetic?
What is the healing
that you think
is necessary in a relationship
to be free and fulfilled?
>>ALLISON: Well, I'm
an emotional healer.
That's my specialty.
So if I'm speaking
with somebody,
I can tell if they're
single, or in a relationship,
or if they are
having heartache--
you know, anger, sadness,
restoring that inner heart.
Those things don't go away.
When we get out
of a relationship,
a lot of times singles tend
to think that if they're
dating again, if
they're being out there,
or they got rid of all the
person's stuff or whatever,
that then they're OK
and they're better.
But that stuff
stores in your heart.
That's not some fantasy
energetic whatever thing.
That's real.
It's in your heart.
You're still carrying
that heaviness.
So unless you look at that,
and unless you heal that stuff,
you're going to just spiritually
attract-- those cats.
You're going to
spiritually attract
the same type of partner,
that the same kind of stuff
is going to happen to you again.
You're going to just
keep on repeating
those same unhealthy
relationship patterns that's
going to just keep on adding
more and more to that pain.
>>LILOU: So until
it's healed-- I mean,
most of the time, what you're
saying is that we escape,
or we find something else to
do, or we change relationships,
but the problem is still there.
>>ALLISON: Yeah, totally.
And unfortunately, I
think most of our society
is like that because there is so
much kind of pride in moving on
and you should just get over it.
And I think people don't really
like seeing people mourning,
you know?
I mean, if you get
out of a relationship
and it was going on
for a couple years,
it's going to probably
take you a couple of years
to get over that relationship.
But are you OK with that?
Are you OK going through
healing for a couple of years?
And then what about the
peer pressure around you?
Your family members
or your friends
saying, "Oh, you
should get over it."
That's the biggest distress
that you can do to people.
That's harming them more.
And also, you have to
actively be healing.
It's not like you just sit on
your couch and you do nothing,
you feel bad for yourself.
This is an active process.
Both manifesting and healing
are active processes.
You don't just sit
around and it happens.
>>LILOU: Is there
some that, like,
not to do in a relationship,
or things really to avoid,
or pitfalls, or things
like that to just avoid
in relationships for it to work?
>>ALLISON: I mean,
that reminds me
of advice that people put up.
You read in a magazine
top 10 things not
to do in your
relationship, you know?
With all of my stuff, it
always goes deeper than that.
The one thing that I would say
is like the number one don't,
is that if there is
something that you're
unhappy with in a relationship,
if there's some kind of thing
that-- you have to
tap into yourself.
So you need to have some
silence, some down time,
to know how you're feeling
inside your body, what's
going on in your
heart and your gut.
And again, a lot of people
are not silent enough
to be able to connect with that.
So if you're feeling like
something's a little bit funny,
you're not really
liking something
that your partner's doing or
someone you're dating is doing,
you need to pull back, OK?
So you don't go into
that relationship
and you don't try to talk it
over with them, at least not
right then.
You don't try to work it out.
You don't keep on
moving full speed ahead.
A lot of people do this
when they're dating.
They see how, I don't
know, the guy or the girl
is maybe slow at texting you,
or taking a long time to ask you
out on a date,
or-- I don't know.
This is the crazy
stuff that goes on.
So this might be happening.
And if this doesn't
feel comfortable to you,
you don't go pursue
the guy or the girl.
You don't go ask them
why they're doing that.
Your heart knows.
You pull back and you
say, do I want to create
a relationship like this?
Am I feeling
comfortable about this?
Is something a little shady?
For me, it's always
like, is it shady?
If it's a little shady,
then you pull back
and you say let me go into this
relationship with eyes wide
open rather than let me just
let me give love a chance
and jump right in.
>>LILOU: How can we really
speak to our soul or spirit
to know what's right?
Is it more the place to
go that you recommend
since you're a spiritual
love counselor, we could say?
>>ALLISON: Yeah.
Well, I call myself a spiritual
teacher and an intuitive heart
healer.
That's a title that
spirit gave me as well.
Love guru they gave me,
and intuitive heart healer,
they gave me that title too.
See, we live in
such a busy world.
People have cell phones,
they're constantly texting,
they're constantly on
email, they're constantly
surfing the internet.
Talking on the
phone while walking,
while driving, while
this, while that.
The nature today is just
busyness, busyness, busyness.
So if you're in the habit of
constantly going, going, going,
you're never going to
hear your intuition.
You're not going to
know how you're feeling.
It's just going to be more and
more chaos and drama going on
in your life.
You're not going to be able
to hear clearly at all.
So you need to first take steps
to just slow down your day.
At a certain time, you
turn off the computer.
At a certain time,
you turn off the TV.
you're just in silence.
That's, like, the hardcore.
That's hardcore.
Everybody might not
be there just yet.
But you put the phone away.
You turn it off.
You don't text all the time.
You do one thing at a time.
You constantly are
asking yourself,
how do I feel about this?
How am I feeling right now?
It might sound a little cooky.
But us spiritual people,
we like this stuff, right?
>>LILOU: You're here.
You're part of here.
This video is part of this
community that is spiritual,
so we can really go into the
real spiritual conversation
or relationship.
Because it feels like we have so
much guidance inside, you know?
That our soul is
constantly guiding us
as to what's the best for
us or the best relationship.
And then there's the ego, and
then there's this personality,
and then there's this
stuff from our childhood
that comes in-between
and sometimes it's
hard to know which voice is who.
So the silence, you're
saying, is best.
Is there other stuff?
>>ALLISON: Let's not
make it complicated.
It's the silence.
And if you keep on-- You have to
look at yourself as two people,
OK?
It's me outside in the
world, and then it's
me, the little girl in me, or
just the feeling part of me,
the tender part of me.
And I have conversations
with myself.
When I was coming down
here connecting with you,
I was like, Blaire,
how are you feeling?
I was giving myself
a little pep talk.
I was calming myself down.
You know, whatever it is.
And you have to be there
to soothe yourself.
So that's another thing
that you have to, like,
actively be talking to yourself.
How are you feeling
about this relationship?
>>LILOU: I find that sometimes
we're not too connected
or love ourselves enough.
Like for example,
recently I just
bought myself this
ring as a commitment
to myself to connect.
Like no matter what, I am
committed to this relationship.
Isn't that the first
one to start on?
>>ALLISON: Yeah,
that's fantastic.
That's the first one.
That's the forever one.
When people say true love
or the one, it's yourself.
You are the number one.
We are so programmed to go
out there looking for someone
that we're looked at maybe
as losers or pathetic
if we're single, like
something's wrong with us.
Maybe something's wrong with
some singles if they're single,
but if you're, again, if
you're on this spiritual path,
and you're healing yourself,
and you're examining things,
there's nothing wrong with you.
You're getting to
know yourself better.
That means when you
get into a partnership,
you bring more of you.
You know who you are.
You're more powerful.
It's great feeling powerful.
It's great knowing who you are.
That's how you feel power.
>>LILOU: And on the
loving ourselves,
is there some
things that you-- is
it part of healing our heart?
Because I know you speak a lot
of the healing of the heart.
Is that where it is?
It's kind of suck or there
is some kind of bad memories
there?
>>ALLISON: Well--
>>LILOU: Is it about
loving ourselves
when we talk of
healing of the heart?
>>ALLISON: Yeah,
that's definitely
an act of loving yourself.
I mean, that's what you're
here on Earth to do,
is you're here to heal yourself.
And then you're
here to live it up.
Then you're here to,
like, really enjoy life
because you're seeing
things clearly.
You're not seeing things
jaded by what other people say
that you should be doing
or living your life
or you're not seeing it
through the wounding,
through your childhood,
or past lives stuff.
But loving yourself
is really important.
That's the concept.
I keep on going deeper
and deeper with that.
That's a lifelong learning.
>>LILOU: And the more
we love ourselves,
and the more we
heal those parts,
then, there's nothing--
is there something for us
to do about attracting
this true love?
>>ALLISON: Yeah, there's
active steps on there.
Is that what you're asking?
There's active steps
to do it, yeah.
I mean, when I was
looking for this myself,
because I always say I'm my
first student, and God, spirit,
the universe guided me first.
I was looking in 2004--
>>LILOU: Tell us about
your whole story in 2004.
It's quite juicy.
>>ALLISON: Yeah, it is juicy.
And it's quite
mystical and spiritual
on how things developed.
I was always helping people
with their love lives.
Back then I called
myself a dating coach.
Again, it was very kind
of one dimensional type
of thing, surface level.
But I was doing it.
I was helping other
people getting success.
But I could not get
it right for myself.
And it was really
pissing me off.
And I would have these kind
of, like, fights with God.
He wasn't fighting me back,
but I was fighting him.
I was like, what's going on?
You gave me the gift
of being a love guru.
This is what you call me.
You tell me this
is what I'm to do.
But meanwhile, I
can't get it right.
What's going on?
And I hate this.
And help me now.
>>LILOU: I said now.
>>ALLISON: Yeah, I'm really
tough with my spirit friends,
I call them.
And so I got this idea one day
after-- I was meditating a lot,
and I had gone to a workshop
that we were meditating a lot.
And I got this idea that I
was going to put up a website.
And I called it "Marry Blaire,"
like will you marry me?
Marry Blaire.
I'm Blaire.
And I put on it that it's time
for Blaire to get married.
It's time for me to get married.
Do you know my husband?
And it was just supposed
to be for friends
and family, a private thing.
And I put on some pictures.
This is what I'll look
when I meet my husband.
when my husband kisses me,
when he asks me to marry him.
And I just did it real fun
because that's how I am.
Just kind of, like,
goofy and stuff, playful.
>>LILOU: It was 10 years ago?
>>ALLISON: Yeah,
it's been a while.
>>LILOU: You look like your 20s.
>>ALLISON: Everyone always--
yeah, I always hear that.
I keep on getting younger, too.
I don't count my age anymore
because-- that's another thing.
>>LILOU: Nice.
>>ALLISON: We're living in,
like, a timeless era, too.
So I put a countdown clock.
I found an HTML code to
put a countdown clock.
And I said I want to be
engaged by December, which
was six months from that time,
because I knew my parents would
look at the website and
laugh, and say, "Oh, you're
so funny, Blaire," and
then just forget about it.
And I wanted them to take
me serious that I'm looking,
you're going to help me,
you're going to do it.
I'm not doing it anymore.
>>LILOU: So how long
did you give yourself?
>>ALLISON: It was six months.
But right away, the
website went viral.
This was before
things went viral.
Now, like, a lot
of things go viral.
This was before that
age, before that time.
And it got passed around
all around in the US,
all around other countries.
I was in The New York Times.
I was on MSNBC, CNN.
And people were interviewing
me and I got loads of emails,
like I'm in the
same boat as you.
I'm looking for my husband.
I can't find him.
Or, like, you're such a loser.
Why are you putting
up that website
looking for your husband?
You can't find him yourself?
People were getting all
different types of reactions.
And what happened was
instead of giving up on love,
because I was exhausted
from all the dates
I did, now all these
people were watching me
and I felt like I had
to provide for them.
I wanted to show them that I can
find love, that they could too.
So it was, like, a
bigger reason now.
So I started working harder.
>>LILOU: It's a lot
of pressure, yeah?
>>ALLISON: Yeah, I was under
a lot of pressure then.
And I started going to
one singles event a week,
and I started going on
a blind date a week.
And it was just craziness.
>>LILOU: In Miami
or in New York?
>>ALLISON: I was up
in New Jersey then.
And I was exhausted.
And I said to God, I can't
do dating like this anymore.
This is what I wanted
to leave behind.
I said I know you didn't put me
out in front of the public eye
to see me fail.
Show me the way.
What's going on here?
I know I'm here for
something bigger.
And then God started
giving me ideas, again,
which now I call the spiritual
way to attract the want.
It's one of things that I teach.
And they started giving
me steps of things to do.
And it was a little,
simple, easy things
that I just thought
were fun or funny.
And I would do them
and they worked.
And two months into that,
so it was a month later,
I attracted my
first soulmate just
walking in the street
in New York City.
He turned.
Our eyes met.
And there was a
connection there.
We started dating.
And that ever since then,
it's been easy street for me
as far as, like, I know
how to attract the one now.
I can do it like that.
>>LILOU: So what was
that tipping point?
What was the thing that you told
yourself that all of a sudden,
you were in this new paradigm,
and all of a sudden, things
start clicking?
Because it seems like
it works like that.
All of a sudden, we take a stand
for ourselves, and then boom.
>>ALLISON: Yeah.
Well, yeah.
That's what it is.
You need to be-- One of
the things is that you need
to be committed to what you
want, and then you declare it.
So one of the big things for me
was, like, I was always afraid
of telling people
I wanted to get
married because we have
this thing that you
don't want to scare guys off.
Oh, I'm ready to get married.
I mean, this is not the
world I live in anymore.
But some of my
students come to me
and they still have
the fear there.
Sometimes it's a
little bit hard for me
to understand because
that's just so in the past.
>>LILOU: It's interesting.
When there's no fear
attached to something,
we can pretty much
go away with anything
or say anything we want
because we're free from it.
So who cares?
>>ALLISON: Yeah.
Because you've stepped
into your power.
That's what it is.
So I declared it.
And because I started
going around saying yes,
I'm looking for my husband.
Yes, I want to get married.
Yes, I want to find the one.
God was like, OK, Blaire.
Now you'll get the answer.
And what happened?
Well, I surrendered, right?
Isn't that the thing that
we hear all the time?
You surrender.
>>LILOU: But we can
go into obsession.
>>ALLISON: Yeah.
I mean, you have to kind of
mix it between the working
at it, the action,
and the surrendering.
It's like a fine dance.
So it all came
together from there.
>>LILOU: And the one
soulmate, another soulmate.
So we spoke of
soulmates earlier.
And you said it kind of
propels your in your evolution,
in your love evolution, I guess.
Did you meet your husband?
>>ALLISON: I met my husband,
who was my twin flame.
I married him.
What happened was, was when I
started meeting the soulmates,
things started going
really quickly for me
because I started picking
up the lessons really quick.
Because again, once
you're onto this,
you're going into the
relationship not like,
oh, this is forever and ever--
which you hope for that,
it's not like you're jaded.
But you're saying,
again, if something
goes a little bit
shady, then you're like,
OK, let me pull back.
I don't know if I want this.
You take the lesson.
You get your points like a
little game-- ding, ding, ding.
And then you move on.
You step up a level.
You upgrade the type of
partner you're looking for.
At least this has
been the game for me.
You upgrade the person
that you're looking for.
You attract a new person.
So as soon as I dated that guy,
I got out of the relationship.
Within the next
month or whatever,
I attracted another soulmate.
It was just bam, bam, bam, bam.
And then, so after I was through
with some of these soulmates,
and I was in a long-term
relationship, which
is the longest I've ever been,
which was a year and a half.
Which maybe is not so
long for some people,
but for me it was very
long at that time.
I got out of that relationship.
And I wasn't upset like I
was with other relationships
because I had
found my true self.
I found my real one, myself.
And that's when I went
deeper into my healing.
So then for three years after
that-- was it three years?
I went into deep healing.
And that's where my new
healer came in, my teacher.
We went deep into that stuff.
And I just kept on
uncovering more and more.
Then I said, OK I'm ready
for a partner again.
I started doing my method.
Because the thing is, is when
you learn the spiritual way
to attract the one, you're
never having the fear
that you're not going to
be able to find a partner.
People break up.
People get divorced.
People cheat on one another.
Who knows what happens?
You can't control
someone else's path.
But you don't have that fear.
You don't feel like you're
stuck in a relationship,
that you have to settle
for things or compromise,
because you know how to attract
a new partner if you want it.
You know that this is
an unlimited universe.
So I attracted my
twin flame, which
we were both on
vacation in Florida.
He was from England,
I was from New Jersey.
I mean, imagine meeting a
man from another country.
You're flying all
over the place,
but this is not the
usual for most people.
But we were both
there on vacation.
It was his last day.
I got guided by my angels.
And my guides
said, why don't you
go hang out at this
hotel pool and pretend
like you're a tourist?
And I never went
there pretending
like I was a tourist.
And that's how we met.
We connected, and we hit it off.
And a month later, he flew up
to New York City to visit me.
And that was how that
relationship developed.
>>LILOU: Do you
want me to propose?
>>ALLISON: You want me
to tell you-- [LAUGHS]
>>LILOU: Yeah.
Because I don't see any
rings, so I wanted to know.
>>ALLISON: Yeah.
I'm done with that relationship.
>>LILOU: How long
was the marriage?
>>ALLISON: Very short.
Very short.
A couple of months.
We were in a relationship for I
think it was a year and a half.
I kind of, like,
lost count right now.
But we got married
towards I would
say the end of our relationship
because at that point,
there was deep love between us.
There were problems I noticed.
He didn't notice
the problems, or he
didn't want to
see them, or what.
But it was the only
solution for us
because we needed
his green card.
We needed to be together.
I wasn't going to move
to England at that time.
He was going to move over here.
He needed to work.
And for me, being my human
self, being fearful also,
I wasn't expanded enough to
think OK, well, maybe there's
other ways that this can work.
I said, let's give
this a chance.
We'll get married.
And I said to him, we're
going to see how this goes.
So it wasn't like a hardcore
commitment, I guess.
But I wanted to
give us a chance.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
And you wanted to have the ring.
You got it.
>>ALLISON: I got the ring.
But now I don't
want a ring at all.
>>LILOU: But it's interesting
that there was this fantasy.
And then once it was done, it
was probably very different
than what you would
have expected.
>>ALLISON: It was terrible.
It was terrible.
It was, like, it was the
worst thing, being married.
I mean, I liked
being married as far
as I liked having a partner.
But he was at a
different pace than me
with my spiritual
growth and healing.
He did not want to be doing it.
I was hardcore doing it.
And what happens when you
have a match like that?
Well, one person expands
past the other person.
And then you're kind of
pulling along this thing.
And it's terrible.
So I had to let it go.
That was it.
>>LILOU: A lot of people know
jealousy in a relationship.
What is your
recommendation for that?
Especially with the
distance like that,
because you probably
were distance.
But even though if you
were not experiencing,
how do you go with that?
Because a lot of women,
I feel, have intuition,
and we have that in us.
And sometimes we
don't know if it's
our paranoiac side,
or unhealed side,
or if it's really, truly
something there that we
should follow a bit more on.
>>ALLISON: Yeah.
You could definitely
play games with yourself,
being like is that my intuition
or is something really going
on.
I think if you're
feeling jealous,
I would say that
something's going on.
You know, again this is
why it's so helpful for you
to team up with a
healer or a teacher
to have an expanded
view of things.
>>LILOU: Oh!
>>ALLISON: You're a wild--
>>LILOU: Crazy cat.
>>ALLISON: Oh my God.
>>LILOU: OK.
>>ALLISON: OK, back to this.
>>LILOU: Did you see that jump?
I mean, the cat just
jumped, boom boom!
>>ALLISON: I didn't see it.
Yeah.
I have to watch the replay.
>>LILOU: In slow motion, bluff!
>>ALLISON: Yeah,
so the jealousy.
You know, it's really important
to have an outside view
because then you're going to
know if it's your insecurities,
if it's your wounding,
if something else
is going on here.
But I think that
you usually have
good reason for the jealousy.
It might be something
that your partner's doing.
I used to have a
friend that used
to always attract
very jealous girls.
And he would say, I'm
so innocent about it.
Why is it happening
to me all the time?
Well, number one, he
was cheating on them.
And number two, he was
doing other shady things.
So he was making his
partners feel insecure,
and he was cheating.
He wasn't even a good guy.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
Say it, yeah.
>>ALLISON: So they were feeling
jealous for good reason,
you know?
So they weren't imagining it.
>>LILOU: Yeah, yeah.
You have to take it,
validation, a little bit more,
I feel, because women are
very-- and men, too-- but we're
very intuitive, all of us.
And more and more these days.
>>ALLISON: Yeah.
>>LILOU: So we can
follow that voice.
>>ALLISON: You have to.
You're your own best friend.
If you are betraying yourself
and selling yourself out
for a guy or a girl,
saying-- because that's
what I did in my twin
flame relationship,
which was a pattern
that went back years
and years and years ago.
And this is generations.
I mean, I help people
heal generational stuff,
that wounding that
goes passed down.
So with my relationship--
and I teach
a lot from my
relationships because I've
been through a lot.
So I was not listening--
>>LILOU: Your mom.
Your mom was--
>>ALLISON: Well, I was not
listening to my intuition.
I was not honoring myself.
Instead, I was loving him
more, loving our relationship
more than I was loving myself.
So I was--
>>LILOU: So common.
>>ALLISON: --betraying myself.
And that's something
that, a patterning
that I always saw my mom.
I mean, it's a little
bit hard for me
to be speaking 100%
about her experience.
But the way that I interpret
it was that she always
put other people before her.
She would always put my
father's needs before hers,
make sure that my
father was happy
before she was taking
care of, before she
was totally fulfilled.
Again, that's my experience
of her relationship.
So that's what I
did in my marriage.
I made sure that my husband
at the time was happy.
He was having a hard
adjustment to being in America.
And it was lots of
cultural things.
And he wasn't working-- sorry.
He wasn't working
at the time, too.
So he was under a lot of stress.
Well, I was too.
I was in graduate school.
I was adjusting to living
with him and the relationship.
But I wanted to make sure
he was more OK than I was.
That was my job,
just like my mom.
That stuff's healed now
thanks to my twin flame,
through the healing
through that.
That's the beauty.
>>LILOU: To make your
relationship work,
we do have to put ourself first?
>>ALLISON: Always.
Always.
That's not love
when you're, like,
trying to take
care of-- it's not.
>>LILOU: We think it is.
>>ALLISON: Yeah.
I mean, that's what we're told.
Again, it's the wounding
that's passed down.
It's the false beliefs
that are passed down.
You have to put yourself first.
It's not a selfish thing.
It's not a wrong thing.
Too many people lose
themselves in relationships.
And that's making your whole
world that guy or that girl.
And that's you loving
the relationship more
than yourself.
You're number one
always and forever.
You're number one.
Your life.
Do it.
>>LILOU: Thank you.
Is there another
little thing that you
want to leave us with to
end this conversation?
I thank you for being so
straightforward in who
you are and spontaneous.
This is inspiring
by itself, just
to see you being in action.
So thank you.
>>ALLISON: Thank you.
I love it.
I love this stuff.
I could talk about it forever.
Final notes.
>>LILOU: A little final
note for all of us
in relationship or not.
>>ALLISON: Pressure.
Pressure.
>>LILOU: Love guru, what's our--
>>ALLISON: I don't--
>>LILOU: Channel something.
Come on, right now.
>>ALLISON: God.
Come on, my guides.
Bring it to me.
>>LILOU: Bring it to her.
>>ALLISON: Tell me.
I don't know.
I think it's just heal yourself.
Work on that.
It's worth it.
Go through the darkness
to get to the light.
There's a light at
the end of the tunnel.
And once you heal yourself,
the world is yours.
You can create
anything you want.
You could have
That's the truth.
That's the era I'm moving into
now and I'm so excited for it
because I've done my healing.
I've completed it.
You can complete
your healing, too.
People do it for years and years
and never get done with it.
You can complete it.
>>LILOU: Thank you, Blaire.
>>ALLISON: You're welcome.
Thank you.
>>LILOU: Big big
kisses to all of you
juicy co-creators out there.
Hope you have enjoyed
this conversation.
Don't hesitate to add some
little comments underneath.
I send you much,
much love from Miami.
>>ALLISON: Yes, bye.
>>LILOU: Much love.